(Episode 5)
I'll...
go now.
Please stop crying.
It'd be great if I could stop crying just because you tell me to.
- You're here. - Hey. Why is she crying?
Her ex-boyfriend's getting married.
Don't tell her that.
She's going to look down on me now.
Gosh, your hands are dirty.
How did you find out that he's getting married?
See? She's just interested in knowing about the facts.
I need to know the facts before I take any kind of action.
Good for you. Not everyone's coolheaded like you.
How does she expect to become a screenwriter?
She can't write romance. At least she's going for dramas with a genre.
You guys are a great match.
Why don't you date each other?
- No! - No!
We're practically brothers.
We're sisters, not brothers.
What are you saying?
You guys become happy so quickly.
Where are you coming from?
Back then, I didn't know...
it was love.
Why is it hard...
for us to be sure that we're in love?
Hey.
Are you okay?
I'm going to die.
Stop it already.
I hope you cry your eyes out because of a guy...
and end up devastated all by yourself.
You should wish for something more realistic.
That will never happen to her.
Hyun Soo thinks of love as a neatly ironed dress shirt.
(Temperature of Love)
Excuse me.
Me?
Yes.
Are you here to see my son?
Who's your son?
Welcome.
I'd like to get a cellphone.
Is there a specific model you want?
Kenya Double A.
- Pardon? - It is.
You know that?
How do you know Jung Sun? I know all his friends.
We just met.
We met through a running club.
How old are you?
I'm 29.
29...
Then you're older than my son.
I feel relieved all of a sudden.
It was nice meeting you.
I keep a long relationship with people.
But I'm disappointed that this one won't last long.
Goodness.
Hello?
This is Park Jung Woo.
Pardon?
Don't you remember me?
I'm Joon Ha's school senior and yours too.
Right. Hello.
How did you get my number?
I thought you were smart,
but the quality of your question is quite low.
I'm feeling terrible today.
I received a complaint about you today.
You mean from Joon Ho.
I heard you were fired.
Gosh, that jerk...
Come to my office by 5pm.
I don't want to.
If you don't, I'll remember you...
as someone with an inferiority complex.
I don't care what you remember me as.
Gosh, Kim Joon Ha. My gosh.
Hey.
What are you doing? I told you to cook sous vide when it's a puree.
These potatoes have a lot of moisture.
It's better to bake them and lessen...
Again! You're not listening.
Last time I cooked it sous vide.
I see. Is that why you're undermining me?
I'm telling you that I respect what you said.
Last time I cooked sous vide because they were dry.
You're saying potatoes need to be cooked differently,
but I don't know that.
That's right.
"That's right"?
"That's right"? Why you...
What are you doing?
Hey.
Hey, where are you going?
Go easy on him.
If I do, they'll get lazy and make a mess.
What are you doing? It's almost serving time.
Did you not hear me?
Why did you change the subject? Why did you cut me off?
I'm sorry, sir.
Are you really going to act like this?
I told you before.
Getting along well with your team is also a skill.
Does getting along well mean holding back?
Even if you're talented you're still a rookie.
You can't get settled here without my help.
Get to work when the sous chef comes to work.
Assist him.
Jung Sun.
You know you're my favorite.
I'm doing this for your sake.
I...
thought holding back until you told me to assist the sous chef...
was the way to repay your kindness.
But?
I changed my mind when you said, "I'm doing this for your sake."
One thing that I learned is that when someone forces you...
to do something and tells you that it's for your sake, it's a scam.
I'll think about it.
Whether staying here is really good for my sake.
Because I know what's best for me.
Are you okay?
Yes.
Bye, then.
- Please follow me. - Okay.
Jung Sun is in, right?
Yes.
Tell him his mom is here.
What are you doing, my daughter?
I have a mom too!
Is something wrong?
No.
I met my friend's mom, and I missed you.
Shall we hug?
Sounds good!
I'm good now.
- Are you happy now? - Yes.
I'm fully charged. I'll go home now.
Hey.
Aren't you going to tell me what's wrong?
Mom.
Am I talented?
Of course you are.
You're talented at everything.
You say that because you're my mom.
That makes me feel better.
Work is important, but you should marry well.
Your dad and I only look at one thing.
His upbringing. A man who grew up in a happy family.
Stop it. You said it too many times.
It's your dad.
(My Darling)
Today's lunch. What about you?
- Are you that happy? - Of course.
Hyun Soo is here. I had lunch.
(Hyun Soo is here. I had lunch.)
Did you have lunch already?
I love how you and Dad put yourselves before children.
So I only need to worry about myself.
We love each other so much, so we wouldn't burden you.
Did you cook this? It's perfectly cooked.
Why do you think I came here?
I don't want you to hate me for what happened this morning.
You know how I apologize and reflect on myself well.
Enjoy your meal.
Can you stay until I finish?
It's 60 dollars.
Put it on my son's tab, please.
That's going to be difficult.
Okay. Did you enjoy your meal?
Yes.
Thank you.
[VIU Ver] E05 Temperature of Love "I Bought a Cellphone"
-= Ruo Xi =-
I know how to make meringue as well.
You enter this kitchen like it's yours.
I have a passport that allows me to enter anywhere.
It seems like being corny is your trademark now.
It suits you.
I don't know if I should take that as a criticism or a compliment.
I'll just take it as a compliment.
Okay, let me get straight to the point.
Have you thought about the offer I made to you last time?
What offer?
I said I'll invest in opening your own restaurant.
I took it lightly, so I didn't know you were being serious.
I thought you didn't have a cell phone, but I guess you do.
I bought it today.
(Jarvis Body Wear is on sale.)
Let me see.
Save this number.
- Am I your first contact number? - No.
I'd like to make an official offer.
I'd like to officially refuse that offer.
My gosh, you should at least think about it before you refuse.
I already thought about it enough.
That's why I can answer so quickly.
Thank you for the kind offer though.
If I want something, I keep on trying.
Then I make it mine.
This is just the beginning.
Rice is the best.
(Missed call)
Who's this?
I think I've seen this number before.
It's me, Jung Sun.
He called me.
Why did he call?
I can't believe I missed it.
He called me at 8:43am. That's when I was in front of his house.
Why did he call?
I can't even call him back because it's a pay phone.
But then again, why not? It doesn't hurt to try.
Hello? This is Earth.
My gosh. What's he saying?
May I ask the location of the pay phone?
It's located at the entrance of Yeonnam Park.
Okay, thank you.
(Unknown Number)
Hello?
I bought a cell phone.
I see.
Are you sick? What's wrong with your voice?
No, I'm not sick.
I'm just happy to hear... No. I'm excited... No.
Never mind.
I'm glad you're not sick.
I have to go back inside to prepare the ingredients for dinner time.
I also have to hang up to go to an appointment.
(On Jung Sun)
I've never felt this way before.
Is it someone's birthday today?
Is this all for lunch?
I'm going to share some with the nurses.
What's this?
Fried eels. Ganghwa Island is famous for eels.
- It's delicious. - Really?
Are you that happy to see me eat?
It makes me happy to see someone enjoy something I cooked,
even if that's not you.
Are you still dreaming about becoming a chef?
It's such a waste to quit your job as a doctor just to become a chef.
Why is that a waste?
Do you think you'll be able to go against your parents?
Only people who come from a poor background like Jung Sun...
are able to chase their dreams to become whatever they want.
Why do you think he comes from a poor family?
His dad's a doctor, and his grandfather's a rich man in Andong.
It seemed like he even got some inheritance from his grandfather.
Then why can't he ask me out?
I thought it was because he lacked confidence.
Being delusional is also an illness, you know.
Not all men tend to be attracted to women like you.
Hey.
I think you're suffering from lack of affection.
I think you're the one who's delusional.
Do you want to bet if Jung Sun really likes me or not?
Let's see if he falls for me or not.
I don't bet on people.
Eat up.
How do you expect me to eat after making me angry?
I'm never going to see you again.
You should know who you're talking to. I'm Ji Hong Ah.
(Park Soo Bin, 17 years old, Knows how to sing and dance)
Mr. Park, Ms. Lee Hyun Soo is here.
You're very punctual. I thought all writers tend to be late.
I'm not a writer yet, and I like being punctual.
Do you need a license to become a writer?
You write for a living. Doesn't that mean you're a writer?
If you're abroad, you just need to write one book to become a writer.
You need to have a free mind to become a writer.
I haven't been able to free myself from the existing social education.
I have a strong prejudice,
and I've become intimidated with age although I pretend not to be.
You're quite vibrant for someone who got fired.
I'm good at getting back on my feet again.
I tend to pop back up even if someone pushes me down.
(Park Jung Woo)
I need a writer.
I bought a publication rights for a few internet novels and web comics.
I'd like you to develop the storyline.
I'll pay you 3,000 dollars a month with weekends off.
Tell me if there are any other conditions you want.
(Park Jung Woo)
I'd like to refuse your offer.
Why would you turn down a great offer?
It's just too good to be true.
I feel like you're hiring me because of my educational background.
You're right.
Plus, you said you're still stuck on the existing social education.
Then it's only logical that you accept.
While it's true that I'm stuck on the conventions,
I was trying to say that I'm trying to free myself from it.
You cut me off.
I'm just going to do things my way.
We're alumnae of the same school, so I'm going to talk comfortably.
Do you have a problem with that?
No.
I'll be off then.
Okay, fine. You're welcome to come back anytime.
I'm more interested since you're declining.
It makes you seem competent.
I tend to be like that.
I seem competent when I'm actually not.
You should be careful not to get fooled.
I'll be the one to decide whether I choose to get fooled or not.
But it won't be easy to fool me.
(Park Jung Woo)
You can try if you want.
Isn't the sky beautiful?
How can the sky in Seoul be so beautiful?
Your flowers are beautiful too.
You're the most beautiful when you don't do anything at all.
Are you telling me to die?
I'll die if you want me to.
I agreed to do as you say.
If you're trying to torment me by saying things you don't even mean,
you can stop.
It doesn't work on me anymore.
I don't want to stay here either.
It's suffocating.
There's nothing for me to do here.
You can pay back the money it took for you to find me.
I'll get you a place.
I can't live with you.
Let's just go back to Paris.
You can finish your studies there.
If you graduate Le Cordon Bleu, you'll be able to get a great job.
You're young.
The present should be spent to build your dream and future.
It's funny to hear you say that kind of thing.
Do you know what your dad regrets the most?
He regrets getting married before 30.
I'm afraid you'll hit women like your dad did.
- Mom. - Sons take after their dads.
Don't assume that I'll be like Dad.
Listen to me. I'm a mom too.
I want to do something for your better future.
I won't do anything stupid anymore.
People don't change.
I saw her.
She came to the house.
Don't go near her.
- Dreams... - Come true.
- Cheers. - Cheers.
Aren't you too cheerful?
I thought you'd be depressed.
I feel enthusiastic for some reason.
I think I'm weird.
Writer Park is the weird one.
It's my fault for asking for a time off.
How did you decide to take time off?
Because I'm frustrated.
Goodness.
Is that the title of the drama?
No.
"Steak" is the title.
It's a story about a guy who eats rare steak.
Does a man who eat rare steak have a special personality?
No, it's just preference.
I interviewed Jung Sun.
- Jung Sun? - Yes.
How did you get in touch with him?
Did you send a message?
No.
He has a cellphone now.
Are you guys going out?
No.
Come on. He's much younger than me.
That's so like you.
I love how you're so realistic.
Even if he likes you, you shouldn't go out with him.
Why not?
You know.
He's a playboy.
He studied abroad since he was young.
Don't you think that's prejudice? It's case by case.
You can't ignore where you've been raised.
He flirted with me so much at first.
Really?
I see.
Give me Jung Sun's phone number.
Okay.
The title...
"A Man Who Eats Rare Steak" is better than "Steak".
I just sent it to you.
Okay.
Are you going to work already?
No, I got fired.
Don't make that face.
I got fired for a good reason.
Thanks to that, my life is put on emergency alert.
So I'm off to the library.
I'm going to prepare for a contest.
- Which library? - My school's.
I'll study hard with the first year students.
Hop on.
No.
Yes!
You said no earlier.
I'm fickle like that.
Thanks.
What will you have for lunch?
Whatever. I just need a lot of food. School cafeteria.
I want to try cafeteria food.
Come here for lunch then. I'll buy.
Can you come though?
I have a break time.
(Jung Sun)
- Hello? - It's me, Hong Ah.
- Hey. - You should've told me your number.
I had to get it from Hyun Soo.
Was I supposed to tell you?
Don't you know the basic manners between people?
I didn't know this was considered manners.
You should learn.
- Why are you angry? - Because I am.
Why? I don't understand.
I don't understand either.
But I am angry.
Why did you call?
Do I need a reason to call you?
If you keep doing this, I'll get angry.
I'm going to go to your restaurant on Friday.
Make a reservation for me.
Don't ask me to do that. Call the restaurant.
Why are you always so strict with me?
Because you're my friend.
Goodness.
(Central Library)
Why are you so surprised?
(How to Become a TV Scriptwriter)
(Yoon Ha's room)
(It was decorated.)
Yoon Ha gets startled.
- Why are you so surprised? - Why are you so surprised?
I'm sorry.
Apologizing out of courtesy is annoying.
Let's hear what you did wrong.
Apologizing...
out of courtesy is...
(Keep quiet in the library!)
I'm sorry.
(Episode 6 will air shortly.)